SQLite in DO clarifications: (#17264)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/durable-objects/best-practices/access-durable-objects-storage.mdx

  }
}
```
### Removing a Durable Object's storage

A Durable Object fully ceases to exist if, when it shuts down, its storage is empty. If you never write to a Durable Object's storage at all (including setting alarms), then storage remains empty, and so the Durable Object will no longer exist once it shuts down.

> However if you ever write using [Storage API](/durable-objects/api/storage-api/), including setting alarms, then you must explicitly call [`storage.deleteAll()`](/durable-objects/api/storage-api/#deleteall) to empty storage. It is not sufficient to simply delete the specific data that you wrote, such as deleting a key or dropping a table, as some metadata may remain. The only way to remove all storage is to call `deleteAll()`. Calling `deleteAll()` ensures that a Durable Object that ceases to exist will not be billed for storage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However if you ever write using [Storage API](/durable-objects/api/storage-api/), including setting alarms, then you must explicitly call [`storage.deleteAll()`](/durable-objects/api/storage-api/#deleteall) to empty storage. It is not sufficient to simply delete the specific data that you wrote, such as deleting a key or dropping a table, as some metadata may remain. The only way to remove all storage is to call `deleteAll()`. Calling `deleteAll()` ensures that a Durable Object will not be billed for storage.
```

"that ceases to exist" as a qualifier here feels circular since `deleteAll()` itself is what allows/causes the durable object to cease to exist.

  }
}
```
### Removing a Durable Object's storage

> To effectively "delete" a Durable Object, you should first use [`deleteAll()`](/durable-objects/api/storage-api/#deleteall) to remove any attached storage for a Durable Object. Calling `deleteAll()` ensures that a Durable Object will not be [billed for Storage API usage](/durable-objects/platform/pricing/#storage-api-billing). Once storage is deleted and a Durable Object is no longer active due to incoming requests, then the Durable Object is effectively deleted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Durable Object fully ceases to exist if, when it shuts down, its storage is empty. One a DO ceases to exist, it no longer incurs any billing for storage. If you never write to a Durable Object's storage at all (including setting alarms), then storage remains empty, and so the DO will no longer exist once it shuts down. But if you ever write to storage, then you must explicitly call [`storage.deleteAll()`](/durable-objects/api/storage-api/#deleteall) to cause storage to become empty again. Note that it is not sufficient to simply delete the specific data that you wrote (e.g. deleting a key or dropping a table), as some metadata may remain. The only way to remove all traces of storage is to call `deleteAll()`.
```

Author: worked in your suggestion with minor edits
